very good to see you good to see you
thanks for having before we start yes
there are some inaccuracies in the fred
willard piece Oh Fred Willard do you
mean how from how from yeah what would
the inaccuracy it's not harvest time it
is harvest yeah okay that's right it's
February I guess not
there's that yeah also Minnesota has
caucuses and the people who do that are
there who volunteer right they're great
and they're very civic-minded right
they're very there it wasn't their fault
you saying fred is not those things or
ed was anyhow he was not representative
yeah of the good people who did that is
Iowa representative of the United States
should Iowa have so much weight when it
comes to choosing the Democratic nominee
no no you know and this got screwed up
all right people made some mistakes but
you know it is it gonna hurt the
Democrats do you think the this snafu or
whatever you want to call it no I don't
think that look Trump criticized him for
making you know this mistake they're
incompetent his you know the Homeland
Security Department separated all these
children from their parents that's what
didn't keep track of them that is much
worse yes that's gonna cause a lot more
some might say they intentionally didn't
keep track of them well that might
that's word that's even worse yes yeah
you watch the State of the Union tonight
I assume yes yeah is this something that
you look forward to seeing well I look
for more to it when I was in the Senate
how many times were you at the State of
the Union in person like seven or eight
or something yeah you know it's an
amazing thing because you're in that
chamber at historic chamber and the
whole government is there it's the
Senate and the house and
obviously the president vice president
the speaker and the Joint Chiefs are
there in the Supreme Court's their
attend the cabinet's there it sits and
when when Obama would do it I there
would be this kind this kind of majesty
of this and then the first time Trump
did it I was like in the second row in
the middle and you know on Saturday
Night Live we used to do sketches about
the State of the Union right and I just
went like I'm seeing Trump there and I'm
going like I don't remember this in
read-through you know I guess Trump's
the host and it's weird it's like Vince
McMahon should be following him into the
arena it is very strange it's very you
know I I found this I had a lot of
surprises watching what yeah so tell me
what surprised you watching this thing
tonight well the first thing is that
Donald Trump is is president
I kind of have that everyday when I wake
up so so when you you became Senator of
Minnesota and this is and everybody is
like wow this is a big deal you know
especially in the comedy world Franken
is I believe I'm I was the only comedian
senator yes the only profession if you
listen to the other yes yes yes and then
I would imagine that that made you feel
pretty special which it should have and
then Donald Trump comes along and
becomes president that had to just ruin
it right in many many ways no I was I
was surprised you know I had predicted
that he'd be very that he would try to
bring people together and be magnanimous
did you think that was gonna happen
no I kind of thought when he got elected
not certainly didn't support him or vote
for him but I thought well maybe he'll
just go with the flow and he'll just try
to be popular and he'll do some things
that aren't you know this hard party why
maybe he'll do some things differently
and cross via a psychopathic liar that
he's certainly done so when he talks
about tonight for instance pre-existing
conditions he knows that those are
trigger words for people and so what he
has done is he says we will protect you
protect you with your pre-existing
conditions he's he's just lying right
yeah yeah no I mean this is a subject
very close to you and you made it if you
help write the bill I mean I helped
write the Affordable Care Act yes yeah
look what
and he he has instructed the justice
department to be on this lawsuit that
it's gonna go to the Supreme Court that
the intention of it is to get rid of the
ACA and all its protections and what
happened with your son and you made a
difference you made a difference in the
Senate what the bill that they wrote
would not have protected people
necessarily with pre-existing conditions
at Penn State and you know your son
wasn't responsible you know he didn't
smoke cigarettes and them in the womb
not cigarettes no yeah he caught him
with some other stuff but and the other
thing that this will do is get you'll
restore what the insurance companies
used to put on annual caps meaning and
an awful lifetime and lifetime caps yeah
so you know I'm sure his care costs
incredible amount of money yeah and you
were very you know you're very raw but
you talked about people couldn't weren't
in your financial position and this
would have been terrible what he wanted
to do and this will be terrible and this
is what Democrats should be talking
about this is you know they're they're
having a debate about how to get the
universal health care that's a good
debate but really what we should be
doing is comparing would talk about what
Trump is going to do and what Trump is
going to do is try he is trying to
repeal the Affordable Care Act and this
is just going to be terrible for America
and for families and that's I believe
that's what Democrats should we talk
about because the the the candidate that
we should nominate is the candidate is
going to take it to Donald Trump
and who is that candidate I think
whoever it is is the person is gonna
make the the case against Donald Trump
mm-hmm and so I think it's great to
differentiate yourself from the other
candidates but I want to see in those
debates people talking about Donald
Trump and about climate change and about
economic inequality and about this tax
cut that they had which went almost all
to the top and which balloon the deficit
and that's that's who we should be
nominating and I don't know who that is
but I'm gonna be looking for that I'm
gonna be looking on that debate stage
instead of you know saying well you you
know we we basically agree on things but
this is what I'm staking out this is why
I should win the reason you what we want
is the person who is going to go toe to
toe with Donald Trump and beat it let's
figure out who that person is over the
commercial break yeah and reveal it when
we come back Hank is here with us the
impeachment trial ends tomorrow you will
you were in the Senate you know still I
assume a lot of the people in the Senate
all right have you been in contact with
any of them about during the trial yeah
and you know I have former Republican
former colleagues who are Republicans
yes and I have been texting them once I
texted you know they're supposed to be
in the chamber during the whole right I
love to leave and not allowed to have a
phone and I texted one of my former
colleagues and he texted me right back
well I do I just said I could if I could
get you jail time is that true yeah it
was actually punishable by prison isn't
that interesting that people can choose
not to testify if they're subpoenaed but
if you bring a phone into the chamber
you could go to prison it really is a
very very very
right and it's been kind of are you
surprised that no one I mean Mitt Romney
obviously but no one else on Susan
Collins called for voted for with
witnesses yes yeah but actually you know
like when my Alexander said well we
don't need witnesses we know he's guilty
[Laughter]
now yeah yeah he you know he you know
went it bribed a foreign leader helped
him you know smear a possible opponent
and I don't know I think he cares about
corruption the Ukraine I think he's
worried that there might be corruption
in this country he'd never heard of I
wanted I asked my Democratic colleagues
to ask the lawyers a question because
they're asking questions of him which
was is there any evidence this is to ask
the the president's lawyers is there any
evidence that the president has ever
cared about corruption and by that I
mean being against guys like Lindsey
Graham Lindsey Graham who at times it
seemed had flashes of a backbone what is
what's going on with a person like that
do you have any idea I think the
president has something on him he is a
compulsive shoplifter footage of him
shoplifting
yeah China oh wow
Wow how about that that wasn't something
that's filling his hutch yeah it is it's
disappointing though isn't it I mean it
really is I like Lindsay until recently
and a lot of people seem to be saying
that yeah they liked him until recently
yeah yeah you are whatever Donald Trump
they have you met Donald Trump do you
know him at all
I met him well I didn't really meet him
this is it I lived in New York for a
long time as you know yeah and I would
be in the same room with him
a lot but I just would never I just
didn't go like oh he'd be an interesting
guy to talk to
[Laughter]
everyone knows Sopranos is huge and yeah
it was for a while and they had a
premiere of the first two shows back to
back at Radio City Music Hall and they
filled the place with a lot of people
and Donald Trump was sitting right in
front of me and before the lights went
out I just I just on impulse
I said very loudly that is the worst
comb-over I've ever seen
[Laughter]
I kinda did a Jack Benny thing that is
the worst comb-over and he just kind of
went like and he saw it was me anyway
worth it you probably won't get a
cabinet position that's what you're
saying no I well we were there at the
same time
I never went for the White House I
didn't well this podcast of yours I
taped the podcast together last night
yeah Sunday you have a mix of people
from the worlds of politics and who have
been some of your guests on the show oh
well we have guests like Jeffrey Toobin
uh like Chris Rock
like Michelle Obama not her but guess
like her like I'm also touring oh you
asked me about that and I didn't know
that where are you going
you didn't answer I'm just doing I'm the
only currently the only ex-senator
comedian on tour is it right I'll be a
New Haven and South Orange well there he
is presented Ralph Reagan go to Alfred
the information about his life will be
right back with Paul Ruben
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings